Updated document to reflect the actual goal of the report. (#3744)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/apps/app-configuration-policies-overview.md

   1. Verify the app configuration policy visibly on the device. Confirm that the targeted app is exhibiting the behavior applied in the app configuration policy.
   2. Verify via Diagnostic Logs (see the [Diagnostic Logs](#diagnostic-logs) section below).
   3. Verify in the Microsoft Intune admin center. In the [Microsoft Intune admin center](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2109431), select **Apps** > **All apps** > *select the related app**. Then, under the **Monitor** section, select either **Device install status** or **User install status**:
      Device Install Status Report monitors the latest check-in's for all the devices the configuration policy has been targeted to.
      ![First screenshot of device install status](./media/app-configuration-policies-overview/device-install-status-1.png)
      

>       User Install Status Report monitors the latest changes to the user details (name, e-mail, UPN, etc...), User Report is also independent of Device Report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      User Install Status Report monitors the latest changes to the user details (name, e-mail, UPN, and more), User Report is also independent of Device Report.
```
